README.md, before:

# Electron React TypeScript App

A modern Electron application built with React, TypeScript, Vite, Tailwind CSS, and shadcn/ui components.

## Features

- ⚡ **Vite** - Fast build tool and development server
- ⚛️ **React 18** - Modern React with hooks
- 🔷 **TypeScript** - Type safety and better developer experience
- 🎨 **Tailwind CSS** - Utility-first CSS framework
- 🧩 **shadcn/ui** - Beautiful and accessible UI components
- 📦 **Electron** - Cross-platform desktop app framework
- 🔧 **ESLint** - Code linting and formatting

## Project Structure

```
├── electron/           # Electron main and preload scripts
│   ├── main.ts        # Main process
│   └── preload.ts     # Preload script
├── src/               # React application source
│   ├── components/    # React components
│   │   └── ui/       # shadcn/ui components
│   ├── lib/          # Utility functions
│   ├── App.tsx       # Main App component
│   ├── main.tsx      # React entry point
│   └── index.css     # Global styles with Tailwind
├── public/           # Static assets
└── dist/            # Built web application
```

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- Node.js (v18 or higher)
- npm or yarn

### Installation

1. Install dependencies:
```bash
npm install
```

2. Start development server:
```bash
npm run dev
```

3. In another terminal, start Electron:
```bash
npm run electron
```

## Available Scripts

- `npm run dev` - Start Vite development server
- `npm run electron` - Start Electron in development mode
- `npm run build` - Build for production
- `npm run build:web` - Build web version only
- `npm run build:electron` - Build Electron app
- `npm run preview` - Preview production build
- `npm run lint` - Run ESLint
- `npm run lint:fix` - Fix ESLint errors

## Adding shadcn/ui Components

To add new shadcn/ui components:

```bash
npx shadcn-ui@latest add [component-name]
```

For example:
```bash
npx shadcn-ui@latest add dialog
npx shadcn-ui@latest add input
npx shadcn-ui@latest add form
```

## Building for Production

1. Build the application:
```bash
npm run build
```

2. The built application will be in the `release` directory.

## Tech Stack

- **Electron** - Desktop app framework
- **React** - UI library
- **TypeScript** - Type safety
- **Vite** - Build tool
- **Tailwind CSS** - Styling
- **shadcn/ui** - UI components
- **Radix UI** - Headless UI primitives
- **Lucide React** - Icons

## License

MIT

Commit message:

docs: reorganize documentation and scripts into feature-based folders
Reorganized project structure to improve maintainability and discoverability:

Documentation Changes:
- Created docs/ directory with feature-based subdirectories
- Moved all markdown files (except root README.md) to docs/
  - docs/argocd/ - ArgoCD integration documentation
  - docs/git/ - Git integration documentation
  - docs/vault/ - Vault integration documentation
  - docs/ui/ - UI and UX documentation
  - docs/deployment/ - Deployment guides
  - docs/security/ - Security documentation
  - docs/development/ - Development notes
- Created docs/README.md as documentation index

Scripts Changes:
- Created scripts/ directory with feature-based subdirectories
- Moved all .ps1, .sh, .bat, and utility .js files to scripts/
  - scripts/argocd/ - ArgoCD setup and testing scripts
  - scripts/vault/ - Vault configuration scripts
  - scripts/deployment/ - Sample app deployment scripts
  - scripts/development/ - Development workflow scripts
- Created scripts/README.md with usage instructions

README Updates:
- Added Documentation section linking to docs/ folder
- Added Scripts section linking to scripts/ folder
- Improved navigation and discoverability

Spec Updates:
- Updated .kiro/specs/git-config-management/requirements.md
- Clarified that Git operations use user-context credentials
- Added form-based editing capability for YAML files with .schema.json
- Emphasized building on existing Config Hub functionality
- Added path-level access restrictions based on ArgoCD app configuration

Benefits:
- Improved project organization and maintainability
- Easier navigation for new contributors
- Clear separation of concerns by feature area
- Better discoverability of documentation and scripts

README.md, after:

# Electron React TypeScript App

A modern Electron application built with React, TypeScript, Vite, Tailwind CSS, and shadcn/ui components.

## Features

- ⚡ **Vite** - Fast build tool and development server
- ⚛️ **React 18** - Modern React with hooks
- 🔷 **TypeScript** - Type safety and better developer experience
- 🎨 **Tailwind CSS** - Utility-first CSS framework
- 🧩 **shadcn/ui** - Beautiful and accessible UI components
- 📦 **Electron** - Cross-platform desktop app framework
- 🔧 **ESLint** - Code linting and formatting

## Project Structure

```
├── electron/           # Electron main and preload scripts
│   ├── main.ts        # Main process
│   └── preload.ts     # Preload script
├── src/               # React application source
│   ├── components/    # React components
│   │   └── ui/       # shadcn/ui components
│   ├── lib/          # Utility functions
│   ├── App.tsx       # Main App component
│   ├── main.tsx      # React entry point
│   └── index.css     # Global styles with Tailwind
├── public/           # Static assets
└── dist/            # Built web application
```

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- Node.js (v18 or higher)
- npm or yarn

### Installation

1. Install dependencies:
```bash
npm install
```

2. Start development server:
```bash
npm run dev
```

3. In another terminal, start Electron:
```bash
npm run electron
```

## Available Scripts

- `npm run dev` - Start Vite development server
- `npm run electron` - Start Electron in development mode
- `npm run build` - Build for production
- `npm run build:web` - Build web version only
- `npm run build:electron` - Build Electron app
- `npm run preview` - Preview production build
- `npm run lint` - Run ESLint
- `npm run lint:fix` - Fix ESLint errors

## Adding shadcn/ui Components

To add new shadcn/ui components:

```bash
npx shadcn-ui@latest add [component-name]
```

For example:
```bash
npx shadcn-ui@latest add dialog
npx shadcn-ui@latest add input
npx shadcn-ui@latest add form
```

## Building for Production

1. Build the application:
```bash
npm run build
```

2. The built application will be in the `release` directory.

## Tech Stack

- **Electron** - Desktop app framework
- **React** - UI library
- **TypeScript** - Type safety
- **Vite** - Build tool
- **Tailwind CSS** - Styling
- **shadcn/ui** - UI components
- **Radix UI** - Headless UI primitives
- **Lucide React** - Icons

## Documentation

Comprehensive documentation is available in the [docs/](./docs/) directory, organized by feature:

- **[ArgoCD Integration](./docs/argocd/)** - ArgoCD features, integration, and UI guides
- **[Git Integration](./docs/git/)** - Git repository integration and configuration management
- **[Vault Integration](./docs/vault/)** - HashiCorp Vault secrets management
- **[User Interface](./docs/ui/)** - UI components and user experience
- **[Deployment](./docs/deployment/)** - Deployment guides and sample applications
- **[Security](./docs/security/)** - Security implementation and best practices
- **[Development](./docs/development/)** - Development notes and project documentation

See the [Documentation Index](./docs/README.md) for a complete list of available documentation.

## Scripts

Utility scripts are available in the [scripts/](./scripts/) directory, organized by feature:

- **[ArgoCD Scripts](./scripts/argocd/)** - Setup, configuration, and testing scripts
- **[Vault Scripts](./scripts/vault/)** - Vault configuration scripts
- **[Deployment Scripts](./scripts/deployment/)** - Sample app deployment scripts
- **[Development Scripts](./scripts/development/)** - Development workflow scripts

See the [Scripts Index](./scripts/README.md) for usage instructions.

## License

MIT
